(1999)
(The Four Bongos Forever)
(Hello, Ah Reum and Young Shim.)
"What do you want for dinner?"
"Seafood noodles or tteokbokki?"
"How long does it last?"
It's asking how long we can continue doing this.
What do you think "it" means here?
- It means love. - It means love.
How long do you think we can keep this love?
How long will this love last?
"Can love be measured by the hours in a day?"
Can we measure the weight of love in hours?
I'm not going to stay for self-study this evening.
- I'm going to his Bangbae office. - Until the stars all burn away.
Don't you want to experience this kind of love?
- Yes. - Yes.
Let's think about the lyrics while we sing the song again.
I don't have anything to say. Why are we doing this?
(Love Story)
- A word, please. - Please look over here.
- Please look over here. - How do you feel?
Are you really the woman in the sex tape?
- Are you the one in the video? - Are you the woman in the sex tape?
- Please look over here. - Please look over here.
- A word, please. - Please look over here.
- A word please. - Please look over here.,
- Please look over here. - How do you feel?
- A word, please. - Please look over here.
- Is it really you? - Did you do that?
- Please look over here. - How do you feel?
- A word, please. - Please look over here.
- Tell us something. - Hey.
Who was it in the video?
- Is that your boyfriend? - Who is he?
- What is he doing? - Is he the man in the video?
- Who is he? - What's your relationship?
Gong Ji Won.
- Are you dating? - Please look over here.
- A word, please. - Please look over here.
- Please look over here. - How do you feel?
- Please look over here. - Please look here.
Jin Jin.
Gosh. I'm here!
President Jang! Hong Hee!
- A word, please. - Please tell us something.
- A word, please. - I'm here!
Hurry up.
Where's Jin Jin?
Jin Jin! We're here.
- A word, please. - Please tell us something.
- A word, please. - Let's go!
- Let's go! - A word, please.
Let's go now!
Please tell us something.
Are you the man in the video?
What's your relationship with Sa Jin Jin?
- Please tell us. - Please talk.
- A word, please - A word, please.
- Look over here. - Please tell us something.
- Please tell us. - Please talk.
- Please tell us. - Hold on.
Please tell us something!
What video?
Jin Jin, did you...
- No. - It wasn't you, right?
If you had... I mean...
You need to tell me the truth so that I can take care of this.
You crazy scum.
You scum.
(Resume)
Why did you go to law school?
Well, since I was young...
People with good grades go to law school.
What kind of lawyer do you want to be?
I want to be a righteous lawyer who fights against the social evils.
Is that all?
- All right. - Wait.
I remember what the director told us at the graduation ceremony.
He told us that a lawyer is someone who listens to people.
I don't have big dreams,
but I want to be a lawyer...
that listens to my clients.
I'll give you an assignment.
I'll come back after I have a smoke.
All right.
(Your desired salary)
Ms. S, are you in Korea?
Ms. S, answer me. Over.
I just finished my interview. What happened?
Ms. S, where are you?
- Is it Jin Jin? - Gosh.
Mind your own business.
You should worry about me, your patient.
You'll be fine. Ah Reum, look at this.
Look.
(Sa Jin Jin Arrives at the Airport and Leaves with a Mysterious Man.)
Do you know this man?
It was hard making sure the house gets fixed on the day you arrive.
Gosh, you must have been through a lot.
I did. There were so many things that had to be fixed.
Well, the apartment is really old.
I know.
Why do you want to live there?
Maybe because jajangmyeon tastes nice there?
That's not even funny.
Call your mother first.
She's been waiting for your call.
Look, she's coming over there.
Don't worry. Don't use the internet.
I'll take care of everything.
By the way, you know there's a meeting, right?
Try to read the scripts.
- See you tomorrow, Hong Hee. - All right.
Hello, Jin Jin.
Hi, I'm home.
Hi. You must be tired.
Is it fun? Why are you watching that?
What?
Why?
Have you eaten?
- No. - You must be hungry.
What shall I make you?
- Bulgogi. - Is there anything else you want?
Bulgogi is enough.
Did you catch a cold?
I'm okay. I just need some rest.
It wasn't me, Mom.
As you can see...
It wasn't me.
You have nothing to worry about.
Okay.
Ms. Sa Jin Jin, can we take a photo of you?
Ms. Sa Jin Jin.
- Look over here. - Is it really true?
Can you tell us?
- Is it really true? - Please say something.
Was it you on the sex video?
Are you the one in the video?
Is it you...
- in the sex video? - Ms. Sa Jin Jin.
- Were you in the video? - Tell us the truth.
- Please tell us. - Is the scandal true?
Why isn't she picking up? I'm so worried.
(Four Bongos)
(New Message)
My phone broke in Hong Kong.
Were you worried?
Don't get excited.
Please calm down. We'll try again after five minutes.
Okay.
I didn't worry at all.
I read an article that it'll be a severe punishment.
Let's talk in person.
When will you visit me? Hurry up. I'm bored to death.
Gosh, there's not much to eat at home.
Water is the most delicious.
Goodness, that was a terrible meal.
- This is delicious, Mom. - Help yourself.
I'll be there after dinner. What about you, S?
It'll be difficult tonight.
Don't come. Stay home.
No, you must come. Please?
I'll be there after resting.
- You must come. - Okay.
- Who was that man? - Who?
The man who saved you at the airport.
Even his silhouette behind the blur stood out.
That man...
(2000)
I like S.E.S, you all
- S.E.S, you all - S.E.S, you all
You never don't stop, you never don't quit
Kick out some sounds of the hip hop beer, clap your hands
- Everybody - Everybody
Move your feet
- To the left - To the left
- To the right - To the right
Now, bring it back, fat rhythm of the freestyle
Let's go
Why can't you talk to me? It's in the past
Boring story of old love
Tell me honestly
I'm the only one for you
- Yes - Only one for you
Oh, yes
- Don't be afraid - Don't be afraid
- To be next to me - To be next to me
We'll go to the end of the world
If I lose some weight,
- I'd be prettier than Lee Jin. - No way.
Didn't you want to borrow my book? Let's go.
- See you. - Bye.
- See you tomorrow. - Bye.
Bring the book tomorrow.
Come on.
I'll drop you home.
(Reserved)
I'm leaving now.
My sick daughter still has an appetite.
Until when do I have to support my children?
I'm turning 60 soon.
Concerning for our children ends after death.
- You must have been worried. - It's like that.
They're so horrible.
I was so upset that...
It must have been hard.
She still remained strong.
She's Sa Jin Jin after all.
She gained fame and experience despite all the difficulties.
Shall we buy some bread?
Mi Kyung...
Hello, ma'am. Are you here for shopping?
(The more you put it on, the more seductive your lips are.)
(Hannuri Women's Hospital)
[VIU Ver] E03 20th Century Boy & Girl "Love Story"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Endocrinology Center)
(Back gate)
The door is locked.
Goodness.
Why do we have two ears?
1 to listen, and 1 to let go.
- You should eat. - I don't have an appetite.
I'm coming down with something.
- Thin girls are always like that. - Goodness.
I have some cold medicine. Do you want some? It works well.
- Yes. - I'm worried about you.
- I saw Jung Woo Sung. - Which one?
Hello. I'm Woo Sung.
Do you remember me? I'm Jung Woo Sung.
Long time no see.
Bongo man?
The face genius?
I've changed a lot, haven't I?
I'm Jung Woo Sung.
I didn't have a dream.
Where are you, Romi?
Aren't I charming? That's why girls love me.
This is what works these days.
My heart's beating out of my chest
My nostrils flare
- What a loser. - That's a joke. You must be cool.
Yes.
I've changed a lot.
He's my doctor. He operated on me.
Do you mean...
What? Don't get weird ideas.
She's a patient.
- I'm a doctor. - Weirdo.
- Isn't it fate? - It's not.
Why would you say something so scary?
I stayed on after my shift to see the great Sa Jin Jin.
By the way, is it okay for you to be here?
Yes, I'm worried.
Do you think the world revolves around her?
No one cares...
if she eats or poops.
No, people do care. Only you don't.
No, she cares the most.
You wanted to hunt down everyone who spoke ill of her.
You said you'd wring their necks.
- Did I? - You did.
Did you?
Out of boredom. That was before you came over.
I know.
Woo Sung.
How did you end up like this?
Did you eat something bad?
Yes, tonic.
What did he say?
I'm tired. I have a cold.
Get some sleep. You, get lost.
Let me ask her one more thing.
Is Kang Tae Yang really dating Min So Hyun?
- I don't know. - Stop.
Is it true that Baek Song Yi got really arrogant after her drama?
Stop bothering Jin Jin, and get out.
Last question.
During her last drama,
did Lee Yoo Jung slap her costar?
Mom?
When did you come home? Dad waited up for a while.
I came home around dawn. I fell asleep at the hospital.
Okay. Sleep in today.
I'm meeting a director later.
Hang that up for me. It's Ah Reum's.
Jin Jin.
Yes?
I was...
at the supermarket yesterday.
- What happened there? - Well...
At the supermarket,
the poster that was always in...
the cosmetics section was gone.
It had always been there, but it was gone for some reason.
There's just a photo of the makeup.
- Mom. - Yes?
So what?
Tell me.
What do you want me to do?
Should I ask them to put it back up?
Should I complain to them?
Stop being so interested in me.
Stop caring so much.
I'm tired enough without you bothering me!
She won't eat.
Drag her out here.
She won't die.
She needs to eat. She's so thin.
Take this to her while it's hot.
Leave her be.
(Realtime Issues)
(Sa Jin Jin, Missing for 7 Hours)
That psycho jerk.
Min Ho.
Is something the matter?
Han Chang, that jerk...
Chang asked me to lend him 1,000 dollars.
You don't have 1,000 dollars.
That's why I cursed.
He's so strange.
He should know whom he's asking.
- Where are you going? - To Jin Jin.
I'll bring it to her.
Give it to me.
Hi, Hong Hee.
Hello.
Have you eaten?
Okay, so... Wait. Sit down.
Just a moment.
Jin Jin.
Did you go to an OBGYN yesterday?
Yes.
(Sa Jin Jin, Missing for 7 Hours)
What a mess.
Hey.
After what you did yesterday, you should've stayed at home.
Why were you out in public?
To an OBGYN?
Ah Reum had surgery. Can't I visit a friend?
Couldn't you have waited a few days?
Or told me at least?
What will you do about this?
Just tell the media I visited a sick friend.
It's easily said than done.
Hello.
I know you value the truth, but this is wrong.
What's wrong?
Was she at that hospital or not?
She was there but to visit someone.
We didn't write why she was there.
We couldn't because we didn't know.
You got an explanation out through another outlet.
No one's believing us.
What do you have against us that you'd do this?
Sa Jin Jin went to an OBGYN.
That's the only fact we have.
Can you please take down that article?
- Why? - "Why"?
You scumbag!
We're all in this swamp.
How dare a tabloid write nonsense just to get a few more clicks?
Don't ruin her life!
You lowlife.
Do whatever you want. I'll do whatever I want, okay?
I'm tired. I have a cold.
Get some sleep. You, get lost.
You should've woken me up. I should go.
Wear this. It's cold out.
Sa Jin Jin got photographed leaving here last night.
What?
I bet she got an abortion. Have you heard the rumors?
The nurses are really annoyed.
They're busy already, and now, reporters are calling like crazy.
She should admit to it now that there's proof.
That video was a crucial hint.
Unless she has a twin.
"I drunk and drove, but it wasn't drink-driving."
"I went to an OBGYN at night, but I'm not pregnant?"
A celebrity's private life isn't news.
Why is this a hot topic?
I bet it's just for show.
She makes way more than I do.
She went into the hospital at 4am and left 7 hours later.
Oh dear.
What a total mess.
The image she tried to create has gone down the drain.
Reporter Kim, please write the truth.
Okay.
I love you.
What's up?
You should get going.
It's Director Shin's first project in five years.
Do your best so we can hit 10 million at the box office.
Jin Jin.
Don't be too discouraged.
Okay?
Let's get going.
Just a moment.
Hi, Director Shin.
We're just about to leave.
What?
Next time?
Is this about the photo?
Hey, have you not heard?
- Heard what? - Jin Jin.
- I know. - You do?
Did I ask stupid questions last night?
- Who cares? - I care.
The biggest waste of time is worrying about celebrities.
Whom should you worry about in your spare time?
Me, Han Ah Reum, your patient.
Will she be okay?
What could you do if she isn't?
I should apologize.
Can you give me her phone number?
It's for the best. We have too much on our minds.
We can't go into a meeting like this.
You need to rest. So do I.
We rode a roller coaster over 100 times since yesterday.
Hello, Mr. Kim.
Breach of contract?
It's not true, okay?
SS Electronics and LGA Fashion too?
It's really not true.
- Let's go. - Jin Jin.
The reporters surrounded your van.
So I called you a limousine instead.
Mi Dal, look straight ahead.
Oh no. Save me.
Mi Dal, get out of the way.
Watch where you're going.
Watch the road.
Don't worry, Jin Jin.
It's my second time on the road.
What? Mi Dal, look.
That was close.
Don't worry. We'll be fine.
(Jang Young Shim)
- Young Shim. - Where are you?
Reporters are camped outside your house. Come to my place.
It's fine.
It'll work out somehow.
No. Okay, bye.
Jin Jin, don't worry.
What does your dad do?
What?
I think she's at home.
Goodness.
- What a mess. - It's a nuisance.
Everyone knows already.
- How long must we wait? - How much time is there?
I really don't know anything.
Bring me another battery.
She wouldn't come out. Why would she?
Is she in?
I think she's in, but she won't come out.
I hope all this waiting pays off.
Hey, I heard that President Sung's really particular.
My friend worked at his previous company.
- Really? - Yes.
He said that today's meeting didn't make any sense.
Wasn't he friendly? First dinner, then drinks?
I think he heard the rumors about you.
The merger and acquisition expert from Hong Kong.
That's you, Gong Ji Won.
Stop laying on the pressure.
I'm trying to lay it on as much as possible.
Okay, thanks.
(National Chemicals Investment Report)
Is it the 14th floor? Not the 15th?
Let's try both.
That chicken smells great.
Where is it from?
It's on the bag. Seoul Fried Chicken.
What?
I'll walk upstairs.
Okay.
(Episode 4 will air shortly.)